more than 700 Israelis are now feared
dead after unprecedented attacks by
Hamas militants it represents the
biggest loss of life in a single day in
Israeli history Hamas which is
designated as a terrorist organization
by many Western governments including
the United Kingdom is still holding out
in parts of Southern Israel where
they're coming under attack by Israeli
forces and Israeli war planes are now
bombing the Gaza Strip where more than
400 Palestinians are said to have been
killed and more than 2,000
injured and worry is also deepening over
the shocking hostage taking of more than
100 Israelis who are now said to have
been taken to Gaza our first report
tonight is from our defense
correspondent Jonathan Beal who brings
us all the latest and I should warn you
that in his report report there are
images that you may find
distressing Israeli troops are still
hunting down armed
Palestinians more than 30 hours after
their biggest and bloodiest breakout
from Gaza into Israel
itself one of the world's most advanced
militaries taken by
surprise by Hamas a militant group kept
behind barriers
that were supposed to stop this
happening their attack as brutal as it
was Brazen hundreds killed for Israel
that's included scores of unarmed
civilians as well as soldiers already
the largest loss of life in decades here
the bodies of an Israeli family shot
dead waiting to be identified and
buried Hamas has taken dozens of host
ages too like this 85-year-old
grandmother yafa Adar whisked Away by
militants in a golf
card families too among them yon's wife
and their five and 2-year-old daughters
he's left anxiously waiting for news and
pleading for their safe return I want to
ask of
Kamas don't hurt
them don't hurt little children don't
hurt
women if you want me instead I'm willing
to come Israel's prime minister meeting
security Chiefs this morning has warned
his nation of a long and difficult War
ahead both sides have already suffered
significant losses Hamas murdered
hundreds of Israelis men women and
children and took dozens host St into
Gaza this horrific terror act Demands a
forceful determined and sustained
response Israel's response has been
Swift and
harsh despite the massive intelligence
Failure Its missiles filmed by our BBC
team in
Gaza Jets have been hitting what they
say a Hamas positions but many civilians
have also been killed in this densely
populated Palestinian enclave blockaded
and nowhere else to
flee tonight this is as close as we can
get to Gaza itself about 5 kilm in that
direction there is a lot of military
activity Jets overhead Israel has told
its citizens living nearby to leave it's
not clear whether that could signal a
land incursion by Israel into Gaza
itself but inevitably this will end up
being more bloody
still there's also the risk of
escalation Hezbollah has been firing
Rockets into Israel from neighboring
Lebanon they say a show of solidarity
with
Palestinians this region has long been a
Tinder Box and once again the Flames are
being fanned Jonathan Beal BBC News
Southern Israel
and tonight Israel search and rescue
committee has confirmed that more than
250 bodies have been recovered from the
sight of a music festival which had been
taking place close to the border of the
Gaza Strip on
Saturday these images on social media
show people fleeing from the Nova
Festival it was held near the small
settlement of Ry
it's a kibuts near the border with Gaza
Caroline Holly
reports moments before at a festival
that brought together young people from
across Israel a Carefree crowd they have
no idea of the horror about to
erupt images posted on social media show
people running for their lives Witnesses
say that after Rockets were fired
Palestinian gunmen began attacking from
several
directions don't kill me she pleads as
no aamani and her boyfriend ainan are
both taken captive both are still
missing thought to have been taken into
Gaza today Noah's father spoke through
his anguish to Israeli
media I asked to see the video and then
I saw that it was definitely her she was
so scared so frightened I always
protected her and at this very moment I
couldn't Noah is 25 with a passion for
travel she'd been messaging a friend
just before she was kidnapped and then
the live location ended it's just us uh
waiting and hoping really hoping and
praying that everything is good that she
will come back home safely her and her
boyfriend and everyone that is in in
captivity
now also taken from the festival Shany
Luke a tattoo artist from Germany
pictured here on holiday in Mexico her
family recognized her in video of
Palestinian gunman celebrating her
capture on a pickup truck the images of
shanie herself are too upsetting to
show we were sent a video in which I
could clearly see our daughter
unconscious with the Palestinians and
them driving around the Gaza Strip I ask
you to send us any help on news Jake
Marlo's family and friends are also
desperate for news he's a 26-year-old
British man who was working at the
festival he's reported to have told his
mother he loved her and promised to keep
her updated before his phone began
ringing
out on the road next to where the
festival was taking place the aftermath
we don't yet know what's happened to all
those who came in these cars to party to
celebrate Shell Shocked reunions with
those who survived but the brutality of
the attack the terror of it will now be
seared into the psyche of a Nation
Caroline Hy BBC News